He was saved
he lived heappily ever after
he went to the doctors
He went to the cinemas
He also like to play football
he was crying
He was laughing
He was screaming
He sings with his heart
He works at the hospital
He loves his family
He woke up 
He drinks water
He eats burgers
Burgers are amazing
Football is a good game
He enjoyed life
Pizzas are good
He lives healthy lifestyle
He works at the factory
He was enthusiastic about sport
He is passioante about music
the results were encouraging
The cake was delicious
He was admired by his family
he went to tour the world
He sees life for beauty
He was thankful for his parents
He was a good boy
He was thinking about his wife
He was working towards his goal
The girl liked to party
The women were not heappy
People didnt like his attitude
People loved that he was a douchebag
Love is not very good
Sometimes life can bite you back
It is hard to understand people
Sometimes it can be good to be in sorrow
People need therapy
She advised him to come back at once.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
Mary plays the piano.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
Wow, does that work?
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
The old apple revels in its authority.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Two seats were vacant.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
We have a lot of rain in June.
A glittering gem is not enough.
How was the math test?
She was too short to see over the fence.
The book is in front of the table.
I want more detailed information.
She did her best to help him.
Where do random thoughts come from?
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!?
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
Is it free?
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
The stranger officiates the meal.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
Don't step on the broken glass.
The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
This is a Japanese doll.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
The lake is a long way from here.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
Hurry!
The river stole the gods.
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
We need to rent a room for our party.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
Let me help you with your baggage.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
Christmas is coming.
Please wait outside of the house.
I am never at home on Sundays.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
Tracy was an amoral pagan
I love breakfast, it makes me curious about life.
I'm curious about Italian meals
My cousin got married 2 weeks ago.
Laura awoke suddenly from the thunder.
She was angry about the exclamation mark in her books.
His explanations were vague, she didn't understand what scrawled characters meant.
My mom was super nervous every time a creature passed by at night, she had a big shock last night.
She was very shocked.
Omi clears his throat every time he speaks.
The teacher shook his every time the wrong answer was given.
The judge sentenced the criminal to life in prison.
I used to go for consulting in Harley street.
The mades were in service for most of their lives.
He spoke with a large sigh.
Do you want to go fishing?
The police chief was in charge of the difficult situation.
Supreme terror is the name of the latest action movie.
The lights flickered in the hall due to a power outage.
Food restored my sanity.
I need candles at night to see.
He hurries into her room.
She felt nauseous, she put her head between her knees.
She opened her eyes and raised her head.
I never liked seaweed they disgust me
He is coming over to cut the ribbon
I really hate it when I hear the sound of a snake hissing
the rain is coming down hard today
Lets all assemble at the hall 
I love knitting some times 
Look out the window to check if its storming 
He was sitting in his chair
His knees were hurting from walking
He was restless as he watched his team play
My grandfather sleeps with his eyes half closed
The man was very pale, he needed more sun in his life.
Mom made some tea and we drank it together   
Lets rope him into the discussion.
They immediately agreed for divorce.
He padded his pocket and found nothing.
The pigs huddled together outside to form large mass of meat.
He was feeling pretty down, you could see his shoulders sag.
Cindy was mopping the floors when her handkerchief fell on to the were floor.
Keep your head up high after failure.
Her were rosy, it looked like she was blushing.
His head sunk down to his neck out of embarrassment.
He was very aware of his surroundings, his eyes were darting around the room.
He was an intelligent person.
They sat near the fireplace, they swiftly added more wood.
He passed through the room.
I don't like gramophone music, it has obnoxiously large trumpet.